README.md, before:

# My MacOS dev setup
No links are provided since most of the software to download is a search-engine-query away.
## Firefox
- Set as default browser
- Login in Firefox sync (now with containers)
- Set DuckDuckGo as default search engine (looks like Firefox conveniently forgets this setting)
- Unlock Bitwarden key wallet
## System
- Show battery percentage on menu
- Show Bluetooth icon
- Mouse: uncheck "Natural scroll"
- Shortcuts
    - Remove command+arrow to move through spaces
    - **TODO** Add command to cycle through application windows
- Install Flycut for multiple clipboards
## Brew
Install the Brew package manager

## Python
`brew install python3`

`pip3 install --user pipenv`

## Other apps
- Fork (Git)
- VSCode
- Sketch

## VSCode extensions
- Python
- DotENV
- Vetur

## Setup SSH keys
**TODO**

## Node
LTS Version: 14 (until Oct21). Installed with `nodenv`:
```bash
$ brew install nodenv
$ nodenv install 14.16.0
$ nodenv global 14.16.0
$ touch ~/.zshrc
```
Then add `eval "$(nodenv init -)"` to `.zshrc` file.

## Font
- JetBrains Mono
- Google FiraCode

Commit message:

Complete installation steps for pipenv

README.md, after:

# My MacOS dev setup
No links are provided since most of the software to download is a search-engine-query away.
## Firefox
- Set as default browser
- Login in Firefox sync (now with containers)
- Set DuckDuckGo as default search engine (looks like Firefox conveniently forgets this setting)
- Unlock Bitwarden key wallet
## System
- Show battery percentage on menu
- Show Bluetooth icon
- Mouse: uncheck "Natural scroll"
- Shortcuts
    - Remove command+arrow to move through spaces
    - **TODO** Add command to cycle through application windows
- Install Flycut for multiple clipboards
## Brew
Install the Brew package manager

## Python

```bash
$ brew install python3
```

```bash
$ pip3 install --user pipenv
```
This is a user installation. If `pipenv` isn’t available in your shell after installation, you’ll need to add the user base’s binary directory to your `PATH`.
1. Get the *base* path from: `python3 -m site --user-base`
2. Open the shell profile file in an editor: `vi ~/.zshrc`
3. Add the path to `PATH`: `export PATH=$PATH:<the base path from before>/bin`. Notice we added `/bin` at the end.

## Other apps
- Fork (Git)
- VSCode
- Sketch

## VSCode extensions
- Python
- DotENV
- Vetur

## Setup SSH keys
**TODO**

## Node
LTS Version: 14 (until Oct21). Installed with `nodenv`:
```bash
$ brew install nodenv
$ nodenv install 14.16.0
$ nodenv global 14.16.0
$ touch ~/.zshrc
```
Then add `eval "$(nodenv init -)"` to `.zshrc` file.

## Font
- JetBrains Mono
- Google FiraCode
